Four years of undergraduate, two years of grad school, thirty-seven days.
So we are in the final stretch till graduation.
The stress has hit, I repeat. The stress has hit.
Seven big projects, that are either not started, or ... very ... not started.
I mean everyone comes up to me and says: "You must be so excited, case your almost done".
Their partially right.
Everything from the last four years it's kind of accommodating
in this event that's happening six weeks, well five weeks from tomorrow.
I mean, I am really excited. This is a huge accomplishment is such a big step in our lives.
So, we should be excited, but its also really really stressful and kind of scary.
First of all, I am beyond stress.
And honestly sometimes it doesn't like
there's enough time, to get everything done .
I've been doing my entire schooling, college school. In five-and-a-half years. It's being hectic.
I read a quote, recently, actually that said: "It always seems impossible until, it's done."
Calculus test, homework assignments,
meetings with professors.
But I have to remind myself it always gets done.
And that really helps me wake up with purpose, each morning.
I have work full time, under my construction company. Have two beautiful kids, loves them to death,
Moved, think four times. And I am ready to graduate.
Honestly it's kind of a big relief to be at this final stretch.
At the beginning of this journey. My freshman year it seemed impossible to get,
four years of undergrad completed. Like it was going to take for ever.
School has essentially been, pretty much what I've done my entire life.
So, I'm gonna be really sad when this chapter ends.
And now we're here, at the final final stretch.
Almost done, almost graduated and I can't believe it's actually happening.
Holy cow, it's kind of just hitting me that this is like the final, final, stretch.
So I think everybody needs to just breathe in.
I'm thinking to myself that this kind of, we called a journey, is just perpetual and never ends.
It's pretty crazy to think about how fast this all went by.
But it doesn't. And when I think about that,
it doesn't register in my head.
And breathe out.
It's really just a joy, to be able to take on a lot of the stuff that I've learned about over the last four years,
and really be able to put it into practice and see how it gone.
ISU is being such incredible place for me.
And it's really hard to think that my time here, is about to end.
Keep focusing, finish out the rest of this year, strong,
cause is certain not all yet, there 's a lot of work left to be done.
So I am sitting here studying, which is going to be my life up until graduation and that's okay.
Gotta finish this project, this project, and this project.
As well as these assignments, and tests and everything else.
But you know there's kind of like a light
at the end of the tunnel now.
Well I should probably actually go to my class. And not just sit outside talking about it.
Overall I'm still optimistic and super excited that we're almost there. Just can't wait to walk across that stage.